MJ Trading is a dynamic web application made using Python, Flask and SQLLITE for database connectivity. MJ Trading is going to be different for every user that logs in. Once we have completed the application, what users should be able to do is they should be able to register for an account. So, user could click on, Register, and type in our name along with a password and a confirmation of that password. And we'll register for an account. User can first go to Quote, which lets we look up a stock quote. We could say, all right, how much does one share of Apple cost right now, for example, and click on the Quote button to see that, all right, a share of Apple right now costs $235.48, for example. If we wanted to buy some of Apple stock, for example, we could go into the Buy tab, type in Apple, and say let's go ahead and buy five shares of Apple and click Buy. And now we’ve bought that number of shares of Apple. And we will see that on this index page, the main page when we log in to MJ Trading, we will see all of the stocks that we currently own organized in a table along with the number of shares of that stock that we own, the current price of that stock, which may have changed from when we bought that stock, the current value of all our stock holdings, how much cash we have on hand, which by default is going to be $10,000, and then the total value of all of our holdings plus our cash as well. Once we bought some stock, we should also be able to sell some stock. So we can go to
the Sell tab here to say that, you know what? We would like to take our Apple stock and so three shares of it, for example, and click Sell, and all right. Now we have two shares of Apple left. And it looks like the value of the stock of Apple had gone up in the couple of seconds between when we bought the stock and when we sold it. So we now have a total value of $10,000.25 right now. And we should also be able to access our history where if we go to the History tab, we can see a history of all of the actions or the transactions that we’ve made while logged into our account. So, we’ve bought five shares of Apple here, and then we sold three shares of Apple at a slightly different price at this particular time stamp. Ultimately, that's what MJ Trading going to be different for every user that logs in. Every user that logs in will have their own portfolio of stocks, their own history of transactions, and the ability to buy and sell the stocks that they want to buy and sell using the cash that they have on hand inside of their MJ Trading account.
The adoption and diffusion of innovative technologies have remained critical concerns in information systems research. With the recent advent of electronic commerce, issues in system deployment and user acceptance have become even more crucial. An experimental system, Stock net, which is a departure from normal practice in the local stock exchange which still uses conventional methods for share transactions, was developed and subjected to a pilot test through a stock trading competition using live stock data. A research framework was developed with the main emphasis on the adoption and deployment of a broad-based Internet stock-trading platform in Singapore. A logistic regression analysis was conducted to predict user acceptance of a new system from a measure of their perceptions, beliefs and attitudes and usage behavior. The study reveals that users' concerns, expectations, perceived ease of use and the real value added of a new system as well as their trading behavior are critical determinants to the ultimate adoption of Internet stock trading. In fact, the probability of users accepting a new system is highly dependent on their perceptions of system evaluations and subsequently their usage behavior.
